my name is Josiah lamb and I'm 12 years
old I got into this tragic jet ski
accident
I heard God's voice and he said put your
hand up Josiah on that 4th of July
weekend
when we were at my sister's they were
just having a great time they always did
water sports so he and my son-in-law
were on the jet ski together and I was
driving it and so I was in the front I
just started gunning it like I was gonna
like whip it and spin there was this
blue boat line where you tie your boat
up to and where you're going back and we
just went straight into it I was
upstairs in the house and all of a
sudden I just hear a lot of commotion a
few seconds before we hit it like the
sky just lit up and the time just fruits
that's it was amazing and this guy just
lit up with angels the angels were not
no Cupid little angels that were like
fluttering around with like the bow and
arrows they had flaming swords and they
were just like humongous like they were
like some brute strength guys they were
big the I heard God's voice and he said
put your hand up Josiah I see my
son-in-law lifting my son out of the
water and he was just very limp you know
you could tell it was serious and my
husband was over there at that point and
he just had Josiah you know with his
head on his lap you know his neck was
torn open and you can tell it was really
deep and there were bubbles coming out
and you could hear the air and there was
blood it was it was just really really
scary right at that moment and my
husband was just reassuring him the
whole time and he said he said Josiah
don't worry about it everything would be
okay and that was just because it was
very chaotic and for him to speak that
peace at that moment was just really
needed they had to put him in you know a
and you know a coma for 24 hours until
the swelling came down because if they
didn't his airway was shut I broke two
fingers this was all this is all scar
tissue no they told us jazz I had lifted
his hand in the last second and they
said that you know when the rope hit his
fingers and his arm that if he wouldn't
have looked at his hand it would have
gone right into his neck and it would
decapitated him yeah even though this
was cut open and I broke a couple
fingers I'm happy that I'm still alive
well for the first four days in the
hospital he couldn't speak when they
came in one day my mom was with me and I
was like mom she was like you can talk
now I was like yeah hey I saw angels and
I knew right then when he said that and
he started telling me he heard God's
voice when he told me that no it was
just like wow God was there like that's
the first time I ever heard God's voice
and that saved my life when I got out of
the hospital
um I mean I was just telling everybody
my story from that moment on people
wanted me to pray for them he just would
like hands on on the kids and and and he
was very bold in his prayer and he was
speaking things that God was showing him
there was a mission strip coming up to
Baltimore and I go I saw this guy in a
wheelchair he was just wheeling by Oh in
his wheelchair and he was homeless I
just I walked over to him I was like we
have to pray for him so I walked over to
him and I just started praying the first
time he could move his legs I was like I
mean that's cool I like that but God can
we make him walk let's just make him
walk the third time I prayed from he got
out of the chair and he could walk like
I was like oh and my husband even went
to the youth pastor and he said you know
we don't understand what's going on and
he said
he said look people are getting healed
when he goes up there and gives a word
and prays for people they're getting
touched to moved on by God and and he's
like this is real before I got into the
jet ski accident I mean I knew there was
a god up there all I thought God was
like a judge you're done go to hell um
that's all I thought God was and he
wasn't that very nice he is more than
that God loves me so much and he doesn't
want his children to die so he came down
and he saved me it's been really cool as
his mom to see that you know God came
off the pages of the Bible and became
really real in his life and um and it's
interactive